c:\users\s4lsalsoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxExamples\Box\obj\Debug\Box.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\s4lsalsoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxExamples\Box\obj\Debug\Box.Resources.resources
c:\users\s4lsalsoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxExamples\Box\obj\Debug\Box.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\s4lsalsoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxExamples\Box\obj\Debug\Box.xml
c:\users\s4lsalsoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxExamples\Box\bin\Debug\Box.exe.config
c:\users\s4lsalsoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxExamples\Box\bin\Debug\Box.exe
c:\users\s4lsalsoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxExamples\Box\bin\Debug\Box.pdb
c:\users\s4lsalsoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxExamples\Box\bin\Debug\Box.xml
c:\users\s4lsalsoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxExamples\Box\bin\Debug\Common.dll
c:\users\s4lsalsoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxExamples\Box\bin\Debug\SharpDX.D3DCompiler.dll
c:\users\s4lsalsoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxExamples\Box\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D12.dll
c:\users\s4lsalsoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxExamples\Box\bin\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\s4lsalsoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxExamples\Box\bin\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\s4lsalsoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxExamples\Box\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Mathematics.dll
c:\users\s4lsalsoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxExamples\Box\bin\Debug\Common.pdb
c:\users\s4lsalsoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxExamples\Box\bin\Debug\Common.xml
c:\users\s4lsalsoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxExamples\Box\bin\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\s4lsalsoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxExamples\Box\bin\Debug\SharpDX.D3DCompiler.xml
c:\users\s4lsalsoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxExamples\Box\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D12.xml
c:\users\s4lsalsoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxExamples\Box\bin\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\s4lsalsoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxExamples\Box\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Mathematics.xml
c:\users\s4lsalsoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxExamples\Box\obj\Debug\Box.Form1.resources
c:\users\s4lsalsoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxExamples\Box\obj\Debug\Box.exe
c:\users\s4lsalsoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxExamples\Box\obj\Debug\Box.pdb
